feat: add progress tacker logger to pregel context (#182)
neo4j/graph-data-science: doc/asciidoc/algorithms/algorithms-pregel-api.adoc

}
----

[[algorithms-pregel-api-logging]]
=== Logging

> The following functions are available in all three contexts(`InitContext`, `ComputeContext`, `MasterComputeContext`) to inject custom messages into the progress log of the algorithm execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following methods are available for all contexts (`InitContext`, `ComputeContext`, `MasterComputeContext`) to inject custom messages into the progress log of the algorithm execution.
```

.The log functions can be used in Pregel contexts
[source, java]
----

> // All contexts are derived from PregelContext class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// All contexts inherit from PregelContext
```

public abstract class PregelContext<CONFIG extends PregelConfig> {

    // Log a debug message to the Neo4j log.
    public void logDebug(String message) {
        progressTracker.logDebug(message);
    }

    // Log a warning message to the Neo4j log.
    public void logWarning(String message) {
        progressTracker.logWarning(message);
    }

    // Log a info message to the Neo4j log
    public void logMessage(String message) {
        progressTracker.logMessage(message);
    }

}
----

> NOTE: The log functions will always prefix the message with the current phase of current algorithm which is the iteration in case of Pregel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
